Rename diagram-viewer into network-viewer (#111)
powsybl/powsybl-diagram-viewer: README.md

# powsybl-network-viewer

Typescript library to integrate network viewers in a javascript project.
This library contains three viewers: 

> - single-line-diagram-viewer, to integrate the SVG representing a graph of voltage levels within a network, the SVG and the corresponding metadata JSON file being generated by [powsybl-diagram](https://github.com/powsybl/powsybl-diagram)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- network-area-diagram-viewer, to integrate the SVG representing a graph of voltage levels within a network, the SVG and the corresponding metadata JSON file being generated by [powsybl-diagram](https://github.com/powsybl/powsybl-diagram)
```

> - network-area-diagram-viewer, to integrate the SVG representing single-line diagrams, the SVG and the corresponding metadata JSON file being generated by  [powsybl-diagram](https://github.com/powsybl/powsybl-diagram)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- single-line-diagram-viewer, to integrate the SVG representing single-line diagrams, the SVG and the corresponding metadata JSON file being generated by  [powsybl-diagram](https://github.com/powsybl/powsybl-diagram)
```

- network-map-viewer, to display the substations / voltage levels on a map

The library is built with the Vite bundler.
Node from v18+ is required to build with Vite.

Installation using npm:  

> 'npm install @powsybl/network-viewer'

Reviewer: Is there  a procedure to rename an npm package ? We should find a way to make projects using @powsybl/diagram-viewer move to @powsybl/network-viewer I guess

Author: It seems that you can't do that. But you could provide users with a deprecated message to tell them to use the new name: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28371669/renaming-a-published-npm-module

Author: `npm deprecate my-project-name@"<= latest-version" "This project has been renamed. Install using new-project-name instead."`
